Welcome back all.
So today we're going to go ahead and just continue from where we left off at some code didn't save it
here.
Anyway we need to take a look at the Create component of TS So create art component that yes you will
need to make this file.
And here we're going to go ahead and construct our computer.
So we are importing on an IT and on the stroy we have used them before we will need them for energy
on an ad and energy on the stroy methods down low.
Create that component.
The amount that is the HD M-L which is going to be created right here.
So it's not that big very small.
I'll explain it in a moment.
Next down below immediately we are exporting a class so this class will basically implement on an add
on and destroy interfaces which means that it also must implement the methods that it contains.
Hence the engine in it and Enghien destroyed it ups the risk of this a private account ID.
So this is this is a private variable of type number we will use this variable in order to store the
ID of the account from the query parameter if it exists and if it does not exist it should be.
It is basically going to be none or some nonsensical thing like that.
Anyway the underscored parents some which is of type.
Any.
Its also a private variable so we will store the subscription to route parameters so that we have the
ability to basically unsubscribe when the class itself is destroyed.
As Me Just scroll down a little bit.
So here we have a constructor and we are injecting the activated Raut Service ID activated route's service
into the underscore Araud private variable and down below.
If you remember from before this component will this component will be basically this method will be
called when the component is created.
So Engy on it and we have a body here and then within the body we have a other function as well so function
within the function the arrow base functions that we have used before.
So all that this does that this code here does is fetch the account parameter which contains the ID
of the account.
This is basically how we do it.
First of all we will create a subscription to d basically just subscribe to the underscore router her
parents right here and then we will use the arrow function then well it won't actually be used straight
away.
It will be called when the parameters of the route actually change and those parameters of the route
will be stored into the parents variable here.
So this is all this is the statement is true for the route and query parameters both are not just for
one set anyway.
Perhaps as I said which contains the new route and query parameters upon change when the function is
called this these these parameters will be passed by the router.
Now we fetch the account parameter.
Thats right here.
So we use parens and then we say that we would like to take the account parameter from parents and we
use the plus which is basically a quick and dirty way to convert the account into a number which is
then stored into the account ID.
No big deal there.
And Double-O will just unsubscribe so angry or destroy perms or underscore parents Param that unsubscribe
so we are simply unsubscribing gone.
OK next we need to go into the component d'arte HD email
I just moved this one and we're going to go up in the wrong one anyway.
Right.
So create art component art HD DML have a header here so just great transactional that's not really
that important but down below these two statements.
So the first statement basically what we are trying to achieve here is that if the account ID does not
exist.
So if from our previous file of this account ID basically does not exist if its something nonsensical.
Then the account then basically the account ID will be NAND So N A and which stands for Not A Number.
And this will be printed out onto the screen.
So there is no preset for this account so Account ID.
Yeah it will be.
It will be true.
And then we will it will be sorry it will be false.
And then we will negate it then it will become true and this will be printed out onto the screen.
However if the account ID does indeed exist then this will be printed out onto the screen so account
is set id and then in bold letters we will actually fetch the account ID and print it out onto the screen
as well.
I'll show you how all this looks like on the site.
As soon as we're done with just a few minor modifications so go into the details start component RTX
details start component at ts and
router router directives.
So this is a new thing which was imported here.
We need it for the rowdier link which we will use in the DML and we just added it basically here to
the directives that said that's there isn't that much.
There isn't anything else to do.
Next up we go into the details DOD component that h d m l where we need to alter on the one line for
you.
There we go.
I've actually written a number of the light needs to be altered.
So what.
This is the button that we shall create and add.
So we want this button to take us to the creation of the transaction where we click on it.
We want to go to where the transaction can actually be created for that particular account.
Which means that we will have to use the query parameters and preset the account ID.
How do we do this.
Well we simply set the query parameter and so have the router link and then it goes transactions which
is the which is the main route and you have the child route and then we will set the quit one of the
query parameters.
So the query parameter is a count and we will initialize it to account dot underscore account data ID
and the square account that I underscore account is a other variable and data ID is that which is contained
within the within the array.
One of the elements anyway down below this is nothing to suggest reassess how we would like our button
to be colored.
So primary I do believe that it's going to be blue and then add trance action that's what's going to
be written within the button itself and the small small small modifications here is modification here
within the C Ss.
So this number can just change it to 12 because we want to move our button from the bottom and then
let's go just save all the files and go on to the site.
It's already here and this place and
OK so welcome to personal finance.
Let's go ahead and look at the accounts so there are two accounts here.
Go ahead and click on the first one you can click on the second one doesn't matter.
And this is the button that is added here so it says add transaction account ID is 1.
So if I click on Add transaction account set id 1 create transaction an up here is the interesting part.
Well let me just go ahead and actually
capitis.
So why did I do this.
Well because I want you to take a look at it.
You have the HP localhost blah blah transactions create child route.
That's fine but you have the semicolon here and Engler has a unique way a rather unique way.
Or maybe not that you need but I don't know any other framework or programming language for Thorpe and
it actually uses semi-colons to separate query parameters.
Maybe there are.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
It doesn't really matter.
So as I said Engler to use uses a rather unique way to separate the query parameters from the route
itself.
So you have the same icon here and then you have the query parameter.
It says account equals one.
Usually you would have something like a question mark here but and you don't need the ADD percent signs
or anything like that it's used in other frameworks you just separate them by placing another semi-colon
here and then you can add.
And then I don't know if you have more than one query parameter you can just say Line 50 so lines 50
something like something like this.
So you can they key there you can add a lot of them here.
And I just wanted you to take a look at that.
If I go ahead and delete the account because 1 and just leave that create it says there is no preset
for this account.
This is why it doesn't it doesn't seem that important now it doesn't seem all that that the account
has a preset etc. but when you click on Add transaction you wanted to you want to take you to a reference
point that is related to everything that is that account.
So when you want to if we click on an transaction we want to be able to enter the transaction for this
particular account nothing else and we don't want to specify for which account we are adding a transaction
upon clicking our transaction button we wanted to take us there in an automated fashion.
Sure I guess there must be some other ways of doing this simpler.
But I wanted to demonstrate the query parameters here and how they actually function.
Anyway I'm going to bid you farewell here and I hope to see you in the follow up.